Update instructions for running Rsync as root for PSA-enabled clusters (#53359)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/migration-rsync-manually-overriding.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * migration_toolkit_for_containers/installing-mtc.adoc
// * migration_toolkit_for_containers/installing-mtc-restricted.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="migration-rsync-manually-overriding_{context}"]

> == Manually overriding default non-root operation for data transfer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Manually overriding default non-root operation for data transfer
```

> Although running Rsync pods as non-root user works in most cases, data transfer might fail when when you run workloads as root user on the source side. {mtc-short} provides two ways to manually override default non-root operation for data transfer: configuring all migrations to run an Rsync pod as root on the destination cluster for all migrations or to run an Rsync pod as root on the destination cluster per migration.

Reviewer: Nit: Use a bulleted list for clarity

```suggestion
Although running Rsync pods as non-root user works in most cases, data transfer might fail when when you run workloads as root user on the source side. {mtc-short} provides two ways to manually override default non-root operation for data transfer: 
* Configure all migrations to run an Rsync pod as root on the destination cluster for all migrations
* Run an Rsync pod as root on the destination cluster per migration
```

Author: @aireilly I see what happened here -- I copy-pasted the upstream destription into one file, which I at frst thought would be a single module, then I edited the text. At a certain point it became obvious that this this file should be broken into modules, which I did, working from my large moule. I should've simply gotten rid of teh latge module after (note it's not called by any assembly). I've deleted it, but made the changes you suggest in the componenet modules that I created for thsi PR.

Author: Bulleted list -- great idea. Done.

In both cases, you must set the following labels on the source side of any namespaces that are running workloads with higher privileges prior to migration: `enforce`, `audit`, and `warn.`

.Procedure

> * Prior to migration, if you are running workloads as root on the source side of a migration, set the `enforce`, `audit`, and `warn` labels on the source side of the Rsync pod as follows:

Reviewer 2: "set the `enforce`, `audit`, and `warn` labels on the source side of the Rsync pod as follows"

This line doesn't make it very clear about where to set those labels.

It should be clearly mentioned that the labels to be set on the **source cluster namespace** running the workloads.

Author: Fixed.

> * Prior to migration, if you are running workloads as root on the source side of a migration, set the `enforce`, `audit`, and `warn` labels on the source cluster namespaces of the workloads:

Reviewer: Nit: since this is a procedure, it would be nice to add the step required to actually apply the label, eg., something like:

```cmd
oc label pod example-pod mylabel=myvalue
```

Author: Done.

> * Prior to migration, if you are running workloads as root on the source side of a migration, set the `enforce`, `audit`, and `warn` labels on the source cluster namespaces of the workspaces:

Reviewer 2: "workspaces"

you mean workloads?

+
[source,yaml]
----
pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce: privileged
pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit: privileged
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn: privileged
----
+
These labels set an exception to the destination cluster's default security policy and allow Rsync pods to run with higher privileges than the enforced defaults.
+
During the migration, these labels are copied to destination namespaces and workloads run with higher privileges. Once the labels are set on namespaces, you must override default non-root operation either for all migrations, by configuring the `MigrationController` CR or on a per migration basis, by configuring the `MigMigration` CR.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> If you do not set these labels, Rsync will automatically fallback to non-root user even if you configure `MigrationController` or `MigMigration` as described below.

Reviewer: ISG: don't use prepositions like "below" where possible. https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage

```suggestion
If you do not set these labels, Rsync will automatically fallback to non-root user even if you configure `MigrationController` or `MigMigration` as described in "Configuring the MigMigration CR as root or non-root per migration".
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * migration_toolkit_for_containers/installing-mtc.adoc
// * migration_toolkit_for_containers/installing-mtc-restricted.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="migration-rsync-manually-overriding_{context}"]
= Manually overriding default non-root operation for data transfer

Although running Rsync pods as non-root user works in most cases, data transfer might fail when when you run workloads as root user on the source side. {mtc-short} provides two ways to manually override default non-root operation for data transfer:

* Configure all migrations to run an Rsync pod as root on the destination cluster for all migrations.
* Run an Rsync pod as root on the destination cluster per migration.

> In both cases, you must set the following labels on the source side of any namespaces that are running workloads with higher privileges prior to migration: `enforce`, `audit`, and `warn.`

Reviewer 3: why do you need to set audit and warn labels?  they don't actually prevent/allow anything.

Reviewer 3: also "set them" is meaningless without saying what they need to be set to.  So this should say "must set the following labels to `privileged`" (but again, only the enforce label really matters)

Reviewer 2: @pranavgaikwad ^

Reviewer 4: Just setting them also won't help you if you're running in a namespace that has these auto-labelled.

.Procedure

* Prior to migration, if you are running workloads as root on the source side of a migration, set the `enforce`, `audit`, and `warn` labels on the source cluster namespaces of the workloads:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> oc label pod <PodName> <LabelName>=<LabelValue>

Reviewer: OCPs docs style for user replaced variables is to wrap any replaceable values in angle brackets (<>) with the required command parameter, using underscores (_) between words as necessary for legibility.

```suggestion
oc label pod <PodName> <label_name>=<label_value>
```

> oc label pod <pod_name> <label_name>=<label_value>

Reviewer 4: this is labelling a pod, should be labelling a namespace

----
+
using the following labels and values:
+
[source,yaml]
----

> pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce: privileged

Reviewer 4: IIRC running a workload as root still puts you on the baseline level so setting the labels to "privileged" would actually not be advised.

pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit: privileged
pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn: privileged
----
+

> These labels set an exception to the destination cluster's default security policy and allow Rsync pods to run with higher privileges than the enforced defaults.

Reviewer 3: most likely you also need to disable PSA label syncing in the NS, otherwise the label being set here is going to get reverted by the PSA label syncer.

@stlaz can provide the details around this.

Reviewer 4: Exactly. We've got docs for it - https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.11/authentication/understanding-and-managing-pod-security-admission.html#security-context-constraints-psa-opting_understanding-and-managing-pod-security-admission

Author: Substitution made.
